three sons and four grandchildren of the
political leader of Hamas have been
killed in an Israeli air strike on their
car in Gaza ishmail hania who lives in
Exile in Kata has been actively involved
in negotiations to broker a ceasefire
with Israel in return for some of the
more than 100 hostages still being held
by Hamas he now says the killing of
members of his family will not change
demands for a permanent end to the
fighting and the return of displaced
Palestinians to their homes
Israel has confirmed the strike
describing the brothers as Hamas
military operatives Jeremy Bowen has the
very latest from
Jerusalem three missiles hid the car in
the shatty refugee camp in Gaza City is
hania's three sons and three
grandchildren were killed along with
their driver Witnesses told local
journalists that they were visiting
bereaved families the Israelis said they
attacked to stop the men committing an
act of Terror
the Dead Man's father is the senior
Hamas political leader deeply involved
in ceasefire
talks isil hania was in Kat when he was
told his sons were dead their blood he
said was no more precious than that of
any Palestinian and Hamas would not
change its position on a
ceasefire killing members of Isel
hania's family might strengthen
suspicions that Israel's prime minister
does not want a ceasefire deal with
Hamas and will buy Time by sabotaging
the
talks for Muslims this day is supposed
to be joyful it is ID Al F the
celebration at the end of Ramadan even
in Gaza this is Rafa where life was
always hard Eid was a
respite this year graveyard visits
instead of presents sweet treats and new
clothes for the
children ummed is at her son Ham's grave
one of more than 33,000 pales Ians
killed by
Israel I'm asking God to take revenge on
Israel and America may they suffer too
oh God have their children killed and
their wives widowed they destroyed our
house we live on the street Gaza is
drowning in destruction darkness and
Damnation benuron University about 25 mi
from Gaza looks tranquil but more than
100 St students and staff from here were
killed or taken hostage on the 7th of
October 6 and a half thousand students
were mobilized among them three young
men just back from Gaza after months in
combat tell me what the impact of the
7th of October was on you I think
everybody here is related somehow to
what happened everybody feel everybody
knows someone that was kidnapped that
was killed it's it's all all around the
country I mean you saw Palestinian
civilian inside Gaza and they've been
going through hell what was going
through your mind I think many of them
aren't innocent and I think it will be
really hard to find those that are
Innocent but it doesn't mean I think
everyone should uh get hurt and what's
the future going to be with the
Palestinians next door I think that if
You' have asked me this question on
October 6th then I would say definitely
yes I would uh just do a Palestinian
State let them live over the there we'll
live over here and we'll all coexist and
everything will be nice but after
October 7th it seems clear to me that
that they don't want it as much as I
wanted it of course I prefer to be here
in the university to study to go and
drink my coffee instead of go going
fighting a war like it's not fun going
to to fight in a war but sometimes it's
necessary and in this situation it's
necessary I mean it's it's a two-way
street sort of what you like your
question I mean it like it feels kind of
Israel's responsibility to not
radicalize gazans but where is gaza's
responsibility to towards us you know I
mean this if we ever want to coexist if
we want a two-state solution we need
responsibility on both sides we need
accountability at the North End of Gaza
the fences that did not stop Hamas have
been repaired last week after
International anger about the
humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza Israel
promised to open this Crossing Aras to
allow Aid directly into the north which
faces famine it is still shut prime
minister Netanyahu is under a lot of
pressure at the moment from the
Americans who want to cease fire and for
him to open the gates of Gaza to
unlimited amounts of humanitarian aid
from the hostage families who want to
deal with Hamas to get their people back
and from the ultra nationalists in his
own Coalition who've said that if that
offensive intera doesn't go ahead then
they will bring down his
government North Gaza gripped by hunger
and disease is on the other side of the
wall when The Siege was imposed the
Israeli defense minister said they were
fighting Human animals 6 months on
Israel's allies say it's 1200 dead on
the 7th of October did not give it
license to kill and destroy so
much
prospects for those ceasefire talks are
not looking good at the moment not just
because of the attack on isia's family
it's also because the two sides are way
apart Hamas has their position
essentially saying in return for the
hostages Israel has to eventually fully
pull out of Gaza Israel meanwhile wants
to do that military operation in Rafa
which the Americans are against now a
couple of days ago I was wondering
whether it's clearly not the end of the
war but maybe the beginning of the end
game I don't think that is the case I
think now that it's clear that there's a
lot more to go in in Gaza but more than
that in the wider Middle East war
between Israel and Iran and its friends
that could escalate too Israel tonight
is on high alert because of warnings
relayed as well by the Americans of an
Iranian strike of some sort on Israel
and that would be in retaliation for the
assassination that Israel uh mounted in
Damascus last week of a senior Iranian
General and other senior officers at
their diplomatic compound in the Syrian
Capital so I'm afraid to say again that
the war in Gaza no chance of it ending
soon I'd say and The Wider war in the
Middle East the sad and sorry uh steady
escalation perhaps to something worse
yes